hi this is motto in this video I will
show you very instructive chess game
this is the game between Michael Todd
and Edward medulla that was led in 1990
in this game Todd had bite pieces and he
started with E for black played c6 and
after d4 and d5 we have caro-kann
defense night to d2 pawn takes pawn and
Knight takes on e4 Knight to d7 and now
tile move the same piece again playing
Knight to g5 provoking h6
black played knife and G to f6 but why
not h6 if h6 then this could be
continuation night to e6
of course if pawn takes then come in to
h5 and checkmate
so after h6 night to e six Queen to b6
Knight takes on f8 okay in the game
night from G to f6 displayed tile played
Bishop to d3 and now e six is the best
move for black in the game black played
c5 challenging pawn on d4 tile play
Knight from G to F T pawn takes pawn
it's possible to recapture but talc acid
Queen to b6 defending key spawn Bishop
to c4 e6 placing a look on semi-open
file Bishop to e7 and black would like
to castle next log we have reached
critical position of the game it is
white to move if you wish you can pause
this video and you can try to find
the killer move that are played in this
position are you ready
would you play this that is what black
expected to happen Queen takes on d4 and
then we will have this continuation
Queen takes Queen Knight takes on d4
Knight to b6 attacking Bishop Bishop to
b3 and Bishop to d7 and black is equal
ok let's go back to our position but tal
didn't capture on d4 he totally shot his
opponent with this move Knight takes on
f7 sacrificing his knight black had a
good look and dinner take night he
played Queen to c7 let's go back
why not taking night if King takes then
rook takes on a6 attacking Queen threat
is discovered attack on black ink well
let's check this continuation this may
not be the only variation but Queen to
d8 is a possible continuation and then
rook takes on f6 this is check from
bishop and rook King takes Queen to d4
check King to g6 Queen to e4 check King
to f6 and check mate or if King goes to
h5 that is g4 checkmate
let's go back to our game Queen to c7
was played attacking bishop now Bishop
takes on a6
nice to see v attacking bishop midnight
Bishop to c4 b5 attacking bishop with
bond
Green takes on d4 pawn takes Bishop and
now tile could have captured rook
immediately but he preferred to develop
his pieces so he played Bishop to f4
first and only attack mean to b6 he did
capture rook on h8 Bishop to e6 with the
idea to bring rook to d8 Knight to g5
rook to d8 attacking Queen we have
reached another very interesting
position what would you play in this
position if you had white pieces very
sensible moves our Queen to e5 Queen to
e3 and perhaps mean to c3 they all look
very sensible but it's not in tile style
tile surprised his opponent again
sacrificed his Queen on c5 with a blow
so his opponent captured Queen now
Knight takes only six for congruent
Queen Queen to b6 Bishop to c7 attacking
Queen and rook and in this position
black decided that he had enough
surprises for a day and he resigned
let's check a possible continuation cake
finish and attack so this is sensible
continuation Queen takes on b2 now
Knight takes on the 8th Bishop I can't
take because it's it's pinned Queen
takes on c2 rook from A to C one
attacking Queen Queen picks another pawn
Knight to c6 attacking bishop together
with rook King to d7 attacking both
Bishop and night and now rook to a-1 is
possible but this is kind of cute
continuation rook takes on c4 that would
be in tiles style
and after Queen takes Knight to e5 for
King king and queen and then King takes
Knight takes on c4 and white would have
three pieces against two in the endgame
mmm and let's go back to our move eleven
in this position quiet looking position
tal made this brilliant night sacrifice
what do you think of this attack and
sacrifice would you like to play like
tal I would and that dissolve hope that
you enjoyed watching this video I wish
you good luck with your chance and bye
for now